add more emphasis, address comments in issues (#6)
bids-standard/bids-extensions: docs/guide.md

# BIDS Extension Proposals: A Guide

> ## What is a BIDS Extension Proposal \(BEP\)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is a BIDS Extension Proposal (BEP)?
```

Author: Need those for links, see ` [above](#what-is-a-bids-extension-proposal-(bep))`

A BEP, as the name implies, is a method of expanding the BIDS Specification to 
encompass new features or imaging types. 

> Why are they called BEPs? BEP's are modeled after 
>   [Python Extention Proposals](https://peps.python.org/pep-0001/#what-is-a-pep) (PEPs) as
>   they have been an effective community tool to change (either by updating or supplementing) 
>   the Python programming language and our adopting a similar structure (has so far) been an
>   effective method of contributing new changes to BIDS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why are they called BEPs? BEPs are modeled after 
[Python Extension Proposals](https://peps.python.org/pep-0001/#what-is-a-pep) (PEPs) as
they have been an effective community tool to change (either by updating or supplementing) 
the Python programming language and BIDS contributors adopting a similar structure (has so far) been an
effective method of contributing new changes to BIDS.
```

BEPs have grown the specification to include beyond MRI as well
as new techniques, and files types and descriptors. A list of completed 
BEPS can be seen [here](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/get_involved.html#completed-beps) and 

> a list of proposed/on going BEPs can be found [here]https://bids.neuroimaging.io/get_involved.html#extending-the-bids-specification)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a list of proposed/ongoing BEPs can be found [here]https://bids.neuroimaging.io/get_involved.html#extending-the-bids-specification)
```

**_Note:_** 
> We strongly suggest that you explore the [specification](bids-specification.readthedocs.io) and 
> the [lists](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/get_involved.html#extending-the-bids-specification) linked [above](#what-is-a-bids-extension-proposal-(bep)) to find existing or ongoing efforts that may support what you

> are trying to add into the BIDS Specification. Someone may have already done all the work for you.

Reviewer: I feel like the guide should list things out step by step, and this note should be a loud step one. That would address our open issue as well.

Author: Okay, I already put a similar warning in the about section, I'll move this warning in `docs/guide.md` to step 1 down below.
